Personal Information

Include your name, student number, email address, and some basic background information (nationality and culture, education to date, spoken languages etc.). Include at least one fact about yourself that others may find interesting, such as a hobby, a pet or your favourite sport or other pastime.

 
Interest in IT

    You should answer the questions below as best you can. Each answer should be one paragraph in length.
    What is your interest in IT? When did your interest in IT start? Was there a particular event or person that sparked your interest? Outline your IT experience (if any).
    Why did you choose to come to RMIT?
    What do you expect to learn during your studies?

 
Ideal Job

Find an advertisement showing what you believe to be your ideal job. This may require several years of experience, and hence be something that you have to work towards, rather than something that you are ready for now, or will be able to fill as soon as you graduate. There are various ways to search for IT jobs, including websites like https://itviec.com (Links to an external site.) or https://www.vietnamworks.com (Links to an external site.). You should include the following information.

    The job advertisement itself. Include a link, and a snapshot of it (in case the link expires before the assignment deadline). https://topdev.vn/detail-jobs/security-engineer-2-2010648
    A description (in your own words) of the position, and particularly what makes this position appeals to you. In this position, security engineer will develop their information security plans and policies to ensure protection. Furtuermore, they have to investigate cyber attacks and oversee the network and software. I am inspired by their description. They are looking for people who will change the future. They said that "we are a highly dedicated, creative and innovative". Also, they are good at collaboration and teamworking
    A description (in your own words) of the skills, qualifications, and experience required for the position. Experince with anti-virus software, firewall, content filtering, and system administration role supporting multiple platforms and applications are required. And having a knowledge of related tools with it
    A description (in your own words) of the skills, qualifications, and experience you currently have. I don't have any practical experience. But, I had learned how to develop anti-virus software and firewall before in the professional institution
    A plan describing how you will obtain the skills, qualifications, and experience required for the position, building on those you have now. This need not be greatly detailed, (and will probably change significantly over time anyway), but try to be as specific as you can. While, I attending the university, I am planning to advance anti-virus defending skills and be more professional in using platforms and applications. Also, I will get some qulifications that are related with it. After I graduated, I want to go to the company that I can experience about this job.
 
Personal Profile

There are a number of online tests that are commonly used by employers to get specific information about potential employees. One of the best-known of these is the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) test, which was developed by the mother-and-daughter team of Isabel Myers and Katharine Briggs. Another popular one (and very relevant to students) is about learning styles. There are various other tests available online as well, and while there is no guarantee that any specific test will be necessarily one that you will encounter in your career, it seems highly likely that you will have to do some kind of test like this as part of a recruitment process.

Accordingly, you are required to present the following

    The results of an online Myers-Briggs test.
    The results of an online learning style test.
    The results of one further online test of your choosing.

The third test should be distinct from both the Myers-Briggs test and the learning styles test. This could be a Big Five Personality test, a creativity test, or a psychometric test. You should be able to find something free, and please ensure that it is something that a potential employer may find relevant (so please avoid things like a Nerdy Personality Attribute assessment or a Generic Conspiracist Beliefs test!).

In addition to the results themselves, you should answer each of the questions below with one paragraph.

    What do the results of these tests mean for you?
    How do you think these results may influence your behaviour in a team?
    How should you take this into account when forming a team?

Myers-Briggs test indicates that I am good at deciding,analyzing, and making creative stratigies. Also, ambitious and creativity are pros. On the other hand, 
 
Project Ideas

You are to write a report of around 1000 words describing your project idea. You should describe the project itself, as well as why you think it is important or interesting, and any potential drawbacks or obstacles you anticipate.

What are you passionate about? What kind of IT innovation would you like to see? What project will help you develop the skills, experience, and knowledge required to make you qualified for your ideal job?

You need not have full answers to any of these questions, but you are required to have some ideas about an IT project that you think will address at least one of these questions. It may not be possible to find one that answers all three, but it is quite likely that something you would find interesting or useful will have a similar effect on others.

There are a number of possible types of projects that you may consider. Some potential ideas are below; others will be discussed in class.

    Developing a game using tools such as Unity, Construct2 or Cocos2d.
    Developing a smartphone app, using whatever programming language in which you have the expertise, or by using tools such as MIT App Inventor.
    Finding an innovative application for new hardware developments, such as Raspberry Pis, Arduinos, Makey Makeys, small robots or related technologies.
    Creating a FAQ and implementing it as a chatterbot, possibly involving speech-to-text and text-to-speech software.
    Building an electronic artefact such as a model for Minecraft or similar games, along the lines of the United Nations Block by Block project.

For this assignment, you need to write approximately 1,000 words about your project idea.

This should not only describe what the project would be, but also why you think it is important or interesting, and what potential drawbacks or obstacles you anticipate.
Your description should include the following sections. The word counts below are recommendations only.

Overview (100 words) This should be a summary of what the project will be.
This porject is bulding a new smartphone applicaiton. This application will be helpful for basics and busy people about little exercise and workout. To support them, this application will provide much information related with workout and recommend exercises for the busy people. Also, we will strive not to make any give up and user can persists the healthy diets and life pattern. 
Motivation (100) words) This should be a description of why the project will be interesting or useful. This may include statistics or other evidence, such as "There are 1.5 billion cat owners in Australia, and so there is a huge market for an automated cat feeder. Using Raspberry Pi technology is a cheap and easily assembled solution to this problem.''
In recent years, work out becomes a big trend. Many people are doing workout but also many people quit it easily because they think it is too hard, boring, they don't have a time to do it or they don't know how to do it. Also, if they don't have any personal training, it is hard to start workout. For these reasons, I want to make useful workout app to support and motivate them.
Description (500 words) Detailed description of the features of the product or service.
This app will help for the begineers who want to start workout for sharing ideas, purpose, diet, recommendations of workout products, teaching simple exercises for busy people, and getting motivation. Life pattern Have a plan about healthy diet. Alarm systems
Tools and Technologies (100 words) Describe the software, hardware and/or other equipment needed. Include any relevant open source tools as appropriate.
First of all, bulding app skills will be needed. 
Skills Required (100 words) List the skills are required for your project, including software that needs to be written, and special hardware (if any). How feasible will it be to find the skills, software, and hardware required?
Outcome (100 words) If the project is successful, what will be the outcome? How will the original problem be solved? What impact will this development have?